for google dialogflow we don't need to any subscription we only need to login with email id
 
1. agent-->
create a agent(old project or new project you have to choose both of them) 

2. Intent-->
create a new intent(intent is just a category of sentences in which category we need to use sentence)
intent 
training phase
response
two intent by default
first default welcome intent
second default fallback intent
custom intent we can also create(intent --> training phrase response)

3. knowledge base-->
create a FAQ 
we can create a FAQ with DF 
we can use a knowledge base
for knowledge base enabling the beta features go inside the setting and enable the beta features
for knowledge base we have a sevral options 
first option we have we can upload the data as csv file(question answer and between question and answer you should put comma)
second option we have we can upload the data via cloud also

4. entities-->
for example weather suppose we have a weather and we have to create a weather report we ask some of question which we have define inside the intent and their responses
but we are not getting city name inside it so we need to check with this city name 
so we will use variable inside that we can keep the city name
that part comes under the entities
go insdie the entity
create a entity
default synonyms
create a city names and their synonyms
but there are too many cities name and we have to create it manually the answer is NO
so in the intent section it self you can check their is a option of action and parameter you can check with this two params
you can make the parameter is required and you can add the message as well
NOTE:- we don't need to give all the cities name we just need to add one params that is sys_geo_city(there are many params) google has trained this parameter over the all the cities name in the world

Now it is time for custmization(fullfillment & integration)(connect our code to python code) 
API weather data https://openweathermap.org/api(we can use this api with python also in python we have pyowm)
with request we can get the URL
with python package we can also use that url(pyowm we have used)
gdfbot-->pyhton application-->hit the api(this is the process)
in app.py file there is a lot of thing to understand how we are giving the query and all those thing just read it.
try to prdict anything just go inside the digonistic info okay(in RAW format)
go inside the intent and enable the webhook for internet if you want to see two more information
people wil give the city name in their message okay so we need to extract that city name in digonistic info we h=can extract tat city name
def process() is a imp function.
just simple right click and run your api
via postman run your application give inside the postman your dignostic info part then is present in json format.

5.fullfillment-->
go inside the fullfillment and activate the webhook part/their is another option as like inline option that is fpr nodejs devloper.

6. integration-->
url--> paste the cloud url in url section and write your route name okay
but it has limitation till google dialog flow we need to do more
so we have to integrate our google dialog flow to any channal
with web demo you can integrate with website
click on it
two option
1. link for website chat
2. iframe code just save it as a html file
3. for telegram 
just go inside the telegram okay and you have to write the token okay
open telegram open bot father (/newbot and name end with _bot)

7. perbuil agent-->
if we don't want to train a bot from a scratch okay then we need to use prebuilt agent google has arady trained for you gys

8. small talk-->
create a small small talk just enable it inside the enable section or just need to use it.

9. history-->
check the logs with history